feat!: Allow multiple rows in sync tables per sent record (#13137)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/plugins/sources/postgresql/overview.mdx

  - `"dbname=mydb"` _unix domain socket, just specifying the db name - useful if you want to use peer authentication_
  - `"user=jack password=jack\\'ssooper\\\\secret host=localhost port=5432 dbname=mydb sslmode=disable"` _DSN with escaped backslash and single quote_

- `pgx_log_level` (`string`) (optional) (default: `error`)

  Available: "error", "warn", "info", "debug", "trace"
  define if and in which level to log [`pgx`](https://github.com/jackc/pgx) call.

- `cdc_id` (`string`) (optional)

  If set to a non-empty string the source plugin will start syncing CDC via PostgreSQL logical replication in real-time.
  The value should be unique across all sources.

- `rows_per_record` (`integer`) (optional) (default: `1`)

  Amount of rows to be packed into a single Apache Arrow record to be sent over the wire during sync (or initial sync in the CDC mode).

>   We suggest using amounts (e.g., `5000`) to sync from large databases/tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We suggest using significantly more than the default (e.g.`5000`) to sync from large databases/tables.
```
